Once upon a time there lived an unhappy young girl. Her mother was dead and her father had married a widow with two daughters. Her stepmother didnt like her one little bit. All her kind thoughts and loving touches were for her own daughters. Nothing was too good for them dresses, shoes, delicious food, soft beds, and every home comfort.

But, for the poor unhappy girl, there was nothing at all. No dresses, only her stepsisters hand-me-downs. No lovely dishes, nothing but scraps. No rest and no comfort. She had to work hard all day. Only when evening came was she allowed to sit for a while by the fire, near the cinders. Thats why everybody called her Cinderella.

Cinderella used to spend long hours all alone talking to the cat. The cat said, Miaow, which really meant, Cheer up You have something neither of your stepsisters has and that is beauty. It was quite true. Cinderella, even dressed in old rags, was a lovely girl. While her stepsisters, no matter how splendid and elegant their clothes, were still clumsy, lumpy and ugly and always would be.

One day, beautiful new dresses arrived at the house. A ball was to be held at the palace and the stepsisters were getting ready to go. Cinderella didnt even dare ask if she could go too. She knew very well what the answer would be: You Youre staying at home to wash the dishes, scrub the floors and turn down the beds for your stepsisters. They will come home tired and very sleepy. Cinderella sighed, Oh dear, Im so unhappy. and the cat murmured, Miaow..

Suddenly something amazing happened. As Cinderella was sitting all alone, there was a burst of light and a fairy appeared. Dont be alarmed, Cinderella,. said the fairy. I know you would love to go to the ball. And so you shall. How can I, dressed in rags, Cinderella replied. The servants will turn me away.

The fairy smiled. With a flick of her magic wand Cinderella found herself wearing the most beautiful dress she had ever seen. Now for your coach, said the fairy. A real lady would never go to a ball on foot Quick Get me a pumpkin. Oh of course, said Cinderella, rushing away. Then the fairy turned to the cat. You, bring me seven mice, and, remember they must be alive.

Cinderella soon returned with the pumpkin and the cat with seven mice he had caught in the cellar. With a flick of the magic wand the pumpkin turned into a sparkling coach. Six of the mice became white horses, while the seventh mouse turned into a coachman in a smart uniform and carrying a whip. Cinderella could hardly believe her eyes.

But the fairy, above all things, told her not to stay until after midnight. If you stay one minute longer, the coach will become a pumpkin again, your horses and the coachman will become mice, and your clothes will become just rags

Cinderella promised her she would leave the ball before midnight. And away she went full of joy and happiness.

Cinderella had a wonderful time at the ball until she heard the first stroke of midnight. Suddenly, she remembered the fairys warning, and without a word of goodbye she slipped from the Princes arms and ran down the steps. As she ran she lost one of her slippers, but not for a moment did she dream of stopping to pick it up. If the last stroke of midnight were to sound, what a disaster that would be So out Cinderella fled and vanished into the night.

The Prince, who was now madly in love with her, picked up the slipper and said to his ministers, Go and search everywhere for the girl whose foot this slipper fits. I will never be content until I find her

So the ministers tried the slipper on the foot of every girl in the land until only Cinderella was left.

That awful untidy girl simply cannot have been at the ball,. snapped the stepmother. Tell the Prince he ought to marry one of my two daughters Cant you see how ugly Cinderella is. But, to everyones amazement, the shoe fitted perfectly.

Suddenly the fairy appeared and waved her magic wand. In a flash, Cinderella appeared in a splendid dress, shining with youth and beauty. Her stepmother and stepsisters gaped at her in amazement. Then the ministers said, Come with us Cinderella The Prince is waiting for you.

Then the ministers said, Come with us Cinderella The Prince is waiting for you.

And so Cinderella married the Prince and lived happily ever. As for the cat, he just said Miaow